                                                 silly sound plays in my head.
                    111
                    where does the truth lie.
        Eats Me Inside, The Non-Existent Self-Inflicted Win
        I Feel it BURNING Inside, Remove It NOW,
        Infinite Madness Tripping Me through 
        LEFT Me HERE, Im Stuck INSIDE, its Already BROKE,
        Let Me DIE
        but some just wont go, 
        embrace my thought, loosens me so, pushes the memories
        forces you out, i cant let you through,
        hides me away
        if you dont get back ill break down all of you
        increased the limitless spin, notice massive damage sink in
        its Melting Me Backward , its Everywhere Inside, but I just
        its Something which feels astray, it creates the loss, 
        its all around
        left me open , seems nothing will stop forceful push
        let it win, push me around, force me to spin
        loop end of rape trapped within a tangled escape
        made me fall a hush,  you hadda stick back a part
        making me go,  confused? got lost in the wind,
        melted in the heart , fucking wasted from start 
        pressed the breaks , but i still fell down again
        pulling me around,
        pulsing aside, for im melting the sideways in
        slammed faked my trust , and you stuck it right in
        slammed my anatomy, created this catastrophe: 
        slipping down whispers , stealing from you 
        smashing it shut, wiring it in
        stole what was wrong with me, broke old parts of me
        used all my parts, stenciled your sin
        walking backward in rush, living in your nothin
     haha
 Drugs are something alot more crafty then i
 of words. Such as certin
"
"
" look past the nonsense and see you?? "
"So CALLED Addictions"
#1 backing people into corners with options, rather then self made decisions,
'
'-
'are we _still_ <-- haha ape man!
'are' <-- one of the things everyones
'its a this, its that', well you just created it, dont stick that in my head
'psychedelics'. there rages a war upon there planet, which eventually sparks, the truth
'structured' enviorment. B.S: my head
'trying to help'
(HEHE A LITTLE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN WHATS IN MY HEAD AND WHAT YOU SAID)?
(so called 'law') says, there is only someone else , getting mad when someone else
--
-->its all so beautiful, i love life alot.<--
... nah, i dont C
0 + 0 = 0.
1  1  1
: just remember, its the changes, not the 
:) :(
:-)
A Bunch of Filthy Druggies? or people poisoned in there head.?
A Bunch of Lies, and the Big Old C
A change, in my thoughts  you shall SEE
A dream E=MC2 sux
A man is not me
A man is not you
ALL THE LIES, I WAS FEED
Above the 1 , I see
Afterward (Relapse of State of Mind):
All I needed was to feel my heart
All I wanted in my life was to feel love
All this madness, pure lunatics
And as the Paranoia Sets in
Are minds connect at the highest mountian peek
As I follow the light, I feel alright
As my thoughts swivle through, I depend and create just for you
Ask and pray and say surprise
Awakening the Long forgotten Self
BEAUTIFUL GOD TAKE ME HOME.
BJ  SB
BSAA
Blown, and shown, tommorow is monday
Break the voodoo, wizardry and black magic
Cut down on the magical words you write
Decesion is yours, and dont wait on approval.
Differing ideas, stuff thrown in a mess.
Do You what to Know who I am?
Dream On, Shine on, in tune
Dreaming and wandering
EA, lie to the kids
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Eternity, within my soul
Fill in the void, pull up from the soil
Forest of trees, and men shine now from above
GIVE IT BACK NOW, GIVE IT BACK NOW GIVE IT BACK
Goodbye                                                                         :)
Got my head on backwards, im feelin a little tacky,
HAHA
Haha so You still think I spelted it wrong
Haha, yeah
Haha<- notice how I place it there.
He will no longer suffer and burn in his peace
Hello with a blink
Helping the matters, they seem to
How do I wander now alone in the dark
I always wanted to learn
I am a true, Lover in disguise
I am just a man who was abused in exchange
I am no longer a crazy monkey
I am no longer a dream on
I am no longer in my decay, I began to pray, Eyes sewn shut through
I am not a destructive soul, just like to drink from my clustered water bowl
I am the answer, I am the life
I am the one, I am the deal
I am the perception, I am the feel
I am the purpose, and I am feelin alright
I battle with the souls, in my mind
I can barley see and its not a surprise
I can feel the insides of my soul once again
I can linger and begin to swarm
I can move inside
I can no longer suffer within my personal space
I chose to believe and move on up
I feel the rainbows, and the colors in sight
I forgot how to laugh and it built up inside
I get it now,
I have flown through outer space
I have shown my true inner sides
I just remember I have seen
I just remembered, the pyschedelic tune
I laughed and said goodbye
I now, how much you hurt me, and made me cry
I pull on the 1 and it makes true hereo
I remember they asked me if I wanted to ride
I remember.. 
I saw the crap you flew, and sew
I spell out madness and set you free
I swirl from creation, and am not  just a 0 
I think that In the same way I can express certin
I think?
Im all Shook up
Im never coming down agian,
Indecesion compromised conciousness:
Insane
Insides shout, im ready for more
Into the vastness of the sky
It seems, as though , I must stimulate something in my mind
J are D
JB, BS
Jared
Jared Bruni aka Master on LSD
Just a note from Above
Just choose to bite the big frost
Just no the 1 , is a loop
Just notice the patterns as they change
Just notice the words plastered on the wall
Just remember I am a being of true Love
Just went into hidding and waited to come out
L
L
L
L ISTEN S OUND D RAWING NEAR 
LOST IN THIS DELUSION IM NOT ALONE
LSD, im inside of you.
Laughing in my Love, Laughing out Loud, Laughing out Little Periods of Love.
Let me out, Im  Trapped
Life is a beautiful collection of ideas
Life is real, and so am I
LoSt siDe deaD
Look deep inside, and there is no me, only you.
Look deep inside, and there is no me, only you.
Look deep inside, and there is no me, only you.
Look deep inside, and there is no me, only you.
Looking On Back At What I Called a Life
Loop through the tv, and make it sound fun 
LostSideDead shared 1 LOVE
M
M
MPAA
Magical words you said
Mario 
Master on LSD :                           loving me the day im dead.
MasterPEACE
MasterPiece MasterPeice,
Moving on past the vision of the future
My friends are not the insane, or the change
My stream a idea, not a chance
Never coming down agian, Evolving into the Sky
No just is not dead
Not to steal and take it for itself
Now its time for me to go back into coocon
Now the aliens watch me, real close
Now the voices in my head are of null,
Ok my senoir ape partners, Ive thrown together some
Part 1 In The Sky:
Part 3: The Reawakening
Place the patterns through the mind
Play a song, do a little dance, pretend something else
Played a little nasty tune in my head
Pornocryptic
Practice is key, and plays a good tune
Pretty Picture in my Head
Pure Meditation. Dissolving The Wall
REMEMBERING VISION BECOME CLEAR
RIAA
Rearrange and engaged, turned around towards the sunday
Remebered i always knew how to fly
Remember Mind, its Open Now.
S
SLAP ME IN THE HEAD, BREAK ME DOWN, LET ME BE FULL OF IT I FUCKING SAID!!!!
Sad
Saw that the answers, were written in bright
See the spiral
Shit Aint that A Little Wacky?
Showed me again, cause I choose true Love
Showed me the pictures when I was real young
Shown, and swen, the seeds of insane 
Skipped dimnesions, went up past the sun
So what If I like JB, BJ, remember  
So you say, jared is a pun, Remembered
So you think ?
Soul
Spellt it wrong again you said
Stranded on the Triangle
Swirl and create me, and poke on the dead
THE MEN LIE
Takin the pretty little things that
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
That life is just a perfected beautiful dream.
Thats the whole trip im talkin about.
The Effect of Today
The Effect:
The Penny
The Powerful words release, and the tears shed from my eye
The Two Sided Dream
The Ultimate High
The illness in my Head:
The never ending pursuit of the so called goddess of your
The one who I trusted has lied
The overmind is here to help
The pink love potion i have drank
The realm of truth is no more then a way
The void I have crossed, and took fun 
The walrus was paul, and jared is free
Thought = 0, until you apply
Triangles are all that I see
Turned Around Towards the Light
W
W W V W Z R S
WM_SEND
Walking down the streams, leading to your mind
Wario
We are not alone,
We think
What Truth, and Whole Lot of  Banana's and Rocks.
What the Fuck?
When did it ever really stop,
Woke Up Today
a Delesion:
a choice or a option,
a forever change of destiny
a giant L for you
a great little joke,
a little more close to home. hello mr. drug dealer, not whats the point of
a man with 
a short period of time, is much better then living a life full of agony
a technological skyscraper 
a thousand thoughts from within my head
aching my body, yes making it stop,
addictions, everywhere, and we all know
all I wanted to say was thank you
all hum the tones at once, and focus your attention on the world
all know what this 'bullshit'. Cant
all the answers so simple, they were right before my eyes
all the doubts, have been cleared from my mind
all the highs ive felt in the world, dont compare
all the peices , coming back and in tune
all the scratches once seen on my skin
all those word surface dewelers can go look at
alot to think of, and
always displayed and is simply mine.
and a part of me.
and all of you, the people i truly love. alive within, echoing, forever.
and back agian.
and bend the truths? i mean they talk about arguments, the
and can be,
and end up doing things and becoming poor, while the ones, that
and enjoy and are addicting, and can take a large part of your
and everything i love, and i know that im going to hold on to
and for this, i love you
and guides me to the light.
and guides me to you.
and haldol, in the shot
and i know, shes really inside.
and im stuck inside
and lazy, and smell like you
and leads the end of the over minded infecting view of  life.
and now the truth is mine.
and romance. The idea, that the words
and still nothing.
and thats the trick that you dont want me to know,
and thats why.
and the crazy man says
and then asked me , sir you know what
and they know it unconsciously, and are usually trying to hide there real feeling,
and they will seep through you
and warmed by the sand.
and we are left with nothing, but if we would stay in are natural
and what is necessary to live, and all must come to it on a conclusion
and when there real feeling is supposed to come in play, they really bring up
and when you make the choice to get high, eventually
and you are forever with me in the vastness of the night.
and you can 1
and you will no longer have to fight
and your the one from who i have lost touch.
and your wishing to turn its outcome to positive,
any chemical, and i can hold on, no matter what the level,
any of you, thats why, we should focus all of are minds, and 
anyway, the drugs, are basically like the rat poison, for the people
are a major part of the trick. a  a trip or a trap ?.
are energies on helping are bodies and minds, evolving into
are the ones who have mind control powers they developed
as man evolved, he began to see RGB lights
back is hurting, brain feeling all wacky,
balance the key so now you can see?
be who i am, and that is a caring loving channel of the universal
beating chant, enter this time
beautiful little flowers, filling me to the top,
beauty from outside, 
because in reality, they are showing that they have a problem, controlling themself,
become the truth and so you are.
beings witch understand one another, and are environments,
below i fell, and went under this spell
beyond the hills, remember me
bite the bullet
bite your brain aand make you hurt with Love
block the truth, push you down in disgrace.
body , but yet make it feel so good, but also,
brain bugs, steal are light, and hide the 
brain washed, a sick old man 
break my concentration, and make me feel dumb
breaking down, showing me a round, whats the name
broken brainwashed bubble,  ripped out of my head
build up to a point were you have gone to far.
bullshit has absolutely anything to do with getting
burning frown
but all the way up to LSD, and METH and XTC.
but do to the chemicals, distuiled by the over mind humans, to every form of lower man,
but i just want it to be with you.
but i remember that look in her eyes
but if theres you saying 'i can do it', and its happing, eventually
but most of all from within
but nothing holds the power
but still, its the same 'bullshit'. We 
but that dont mean anything, because im still me, im higher then
but the apposing force wanted me to churn
but the truth is known,
but there is something else in life, there is something that we have
but understanding of what is the rest
but when did i know,
but when is it mine
but you got something comin people. yeah you think its from
came to visit me alright, she turned back the shadow of the night
can anything save me 
can now be seen the vision, became
cant you all just see
captures your conciousness fills it with mine
catching the air underneath your breath, witnessing the intesnity of what is left,
catching up with the dreams, the mountins awakenes
cause They know I can explode
cause by the ones in the past 'magic', the
cause mental conditions, and true meanings to come out
causes people to go into a shell, and try to fake a so called 'rebirth', and soon as the plastic
change pattern of 3, to patttern of 4
change.
changed and moved me above, I can feel
changed my soul, and made it go kerplunk
changed the starting point all around i can win
chemicals, that we know, most people intake,
choice to stay me, based on the fact, that if im not me, then ill never
choose to unlock the eurphoia within me
code and im trippin along. principals
come along, turning i'em into a 
come now, to the screen 
come on , take it out of my sight, push back the wondrous light
come on, let me go, dont hold me back, dont any of you really know?
coming back into sight, shown to you, and with you forever tonight.
coming up towards the center, turing to the left
connected to all, passing tunnel of light
connecting, showing me the dark side of the moon
consent.
cool to smoke a joint? .. now somethings fishy here?
could be stuck in one place. Is pure ignorance.
created and assigned tasks. The purpose
cycle of life, a diamond in the middle
decided it was nothing , and dissolved it all
decode my patterns
decode, and you will all remembe
desire, your filthy little paper, your dirty little rocks,
didnt decide upon, returning agian
disease and lie, 1 & 1 & 1 no longer allow me to cry
do, without caring about the consciousness.
doesnt fit there standard, and then punishing them, hurting them, there by, bringing the
dont believe its true
dont even know what I said,
dont fall down to the lower level of existence
dont hurt the ones who are insane
dont no matter, what they do or say, allow you to become involved
dont press your beliefs on to people, and dont try to make them fit your standard,
dont set us up to fail.
dont understand why they say,
down from the bottom, out into the top, surrounded with everything, made up, silver dreams, symptoms in the night, forever memory of me lost , yet in sight.
down into everyplace.
drop 
drugs are available, in are environments, are very
drugs are prescribed, to people for the stupidest shit,
drugs, they have a scale, up and down, easy to hard,
en life, im not me
etenrnal thought remembing for i am simply to create
eternity opens, and i am revealed
eternity within life
every point and possible combination
everyone, wake up, no more of this.
everything else, was just a memory, drowning in your piss.
everything im thinking,
everything is my anything, and its all
everything is simply wound round and round.
everything just written right
everything promised in decay
everything so perfected, placed right in its place
everything what i desire, whether i know it or not
everything which is written within this text,
evolved into the vastness of the sky.
explosion of beauty, staying with me
explosion of power, all come within time.
eyes stained of color,
facility (jail, rehab etc ) (yeah they keep saying, 'find your higher power',
fades, the true face is shown, and then they suffer in a state of insanity.
falling face forward, flipping all around
false rituals, to prove exist of something that leads to the same thing, watching, not mattering
fearing disease scaring is your work.
fill them up, wash back the pain lost in time,
filled and healed, and whole all the way.
fills me with hope
find out, and you get all fucked up, screwed in the system and die
flew past the moon , and saw the 1
follow the rules, yeah repeat the lies
for me to push what I say. A way to sway
for me, to love you tonight.
for teaching me 
for the rest of my days I will be forever grateful
for you must part:
forever does exisit within my thoughts
forever one into the now
forever the life, i live for who, 
forever the world is mine, and you shall be there to in time.
forever.
forgetting being lost,  but not knowing the way
forgive the holes that exisit inside
forgot what I said, and dont get lost,
forward pushes me backward, holds me down.
forward turning into the sound 
found myself i got lost
found the tapes , put them in
from which i began, im underneath
future of 'science'. Using univesal laws
get it on some more.
get out of my tomorrow, flooding in your sorrow, 
get worse. Dont really even care
give in,) fuck that im free not a salve!!! never ill die before im yours!!
go back down to step 2 wandering in the dark
god has created 1 true LOVE
god, i just want you
god,,
going away into the night, your love holds me
going back around, bricks laying down
going back to sleep now.
going backward, as i turn around,
going past the gate, down to death.
going straight up into the sky
going up the mountin i remembered the verse
good orderly direction
gotta let 'em be free, or they will forever be displaced
hah for the helll of it!                                      
haha
haha
haha
haha didnt care to ask the question today
haha follow the map, it exisits inside,
haha while(1) change();
haha, I just sang you  a beautiful song
haha, bite the apples and get high
haha, broke it
haha, not it
happen,  So I can think?
happiness is here, and will never go back
happy witness watching me
hardships, my triumphs, and my wrong doings, i know that there
have a cigar, ha, caught by the bugs
have the decision to move anyone from there home land.
hearing the sound,
hehe wait, that was a thought in my brain
her images appears, and takes the pain away.
here i am, i got out, free again
hey, what did i say, lets move to the right way,
high. its  freedom. i think they are purposely picking
hold on (but hurt and life sucks), get a little bit more, but are still
holding me taking me past the moon,
hoping im going to believe, it , especially, when it gives the excuse,
how to express mind aduqotely
human beings of higher levels of thought (use more of there mind)
i always have known them, i was just thinking in disguise
i am  the thought wandering down this road of life, moving towards the final light,
i am evertyhing that could be,
i am the one, i wanted to be, love of me
i am,
i can go beyond what was once
i can replace.
i cant stop myself it lies to me
i consciously choose not to follow direct english syntax,
i dont think that marijuana, crank, acid, or any of that
i dont want it any other way
i found my love it was lost in this spot,
i found my love, now up in the top, is a little wide open spot,
i have nothing.
i just remembered thats its  always been here anyway
i just want you to get off my back, and stop tripping,
i know that I will return to me
i know that in a short time, 
i let your infection pass me right by,
i love them all, and this i know, but tomorrow,
i mean after a while these people are going to burst, and then
i never even left,  i was always at home.
i provide the conclusion for  what you need ; i am all that i believe.
i realized the truth, and so am i
i see tommorows ending without time.
i send this message, from within my mind
i spend this time, i hold it in you
i wait for the time, when i must part from you
i wander outside looking for you,
i will know , the truth you see
i will miss you so deeply,
i wish to say, in the method of which, i wish to say it.
if i just believe that its dead,
if you want to become free
ill be gone, and then you will never even know.
ill hear it tomorrow, just make it another day,
im dead
im finally me, and i ask why
im going home, i think i just might.
im going home, im going home home today yeah
im insane?
im only here for the second i feel right now
im the person, im no longer a drone,
im wide awake, and this is what i fuckin said.
image unannounced shown,
in a rut. Told me how to do some bullshit
in large never-ending supply's yet thats ok, but it aint
in order to return a effect. These effects
in the land of the dead,
in the same way experss this , through a form of
in the situation.
in there mind and (yours), to be able to push down the other, with there
in turn really creates
in your head, you play though your eyes
indians, i mean jesus god, <== who gave you the right to even
induced memory dripping down
infinite in wisdom
infinite pixels, swirl through the love,
ingrain them in forever, make them all mine
instead give them a comfortable
intertwined
intoxicated lsd warped
is below, above and
is just a illusion, and it has come through
is reforming itself, to stay away from all your tricks, and soon
is still a part deep inside of me, connected to all the people,
is written in the method, of the track of the thought of my mind
is you making it, so realize. and remove. not try to solve,
it came to me in a dream,
it count,
it exisits in the forever vastness of what is not me.
it is safe to come out and play again.
it was you who was all alone,
its a bunch of lies.
its because there forced into false spots.
its pretty noticeable by people, because of only a few
its so obvious..
its the power of fixations, that keep you out of the sky
jared is here, no longer pretending to be away
johnny drug dealer, well,  sometimes it may becoming from somewhere
jump up and down and scream out your reign
just another memory appearing above.
just caught up in a mess of washing and corrupt
just didnt remember, how i wanted it to flow.
just for you
just look outside, and youll see
just me got caught up trippin in disguise.
just notice how they play
just put your finger on it there with
just realize, it was always me
just remember
just remember Shannon is my true love
just remember you were always at home
just remember, the truth as you say
just sang me a song to bring upon a frown
just showed certin corners, put
just some thoughts you were shown long ago
just some words, remembering them
just totaly said in reverse.
just woke up. All the shit placed in my head.
keep the imagination alive
keeps them grounded, and tied in thought, and denial, reprogramming, and forced it
key instances of strings in the english language
know that it is a fact, you are in control of you
laughing little rhymes all in my head,
laughter is good medicine
let alone, trying to control something which is really not controllable, at all,
let it out, give it up
let me out, im inside , and about to be stop  your hurt.
let the answers out, let the radio, watch
let us be who we are, no need for this
lie to yourself and lie to me, try to make it so i cant see
like a insect within a coocoon
like you tried, to rip out a part of my head
line, and evolve the correct way into higher beings, rather
listening to the beautiful call
little rules, do nothing but waste my time, but i follow a way
little sounds, i repeat in the air, 
little tears flowing out
loSt siDe deaD
long forgotten memmorys have had purpose
long little memories, returning in mass
long remembered feelings,
look beyond what you think is what i mean
look deeper, stare into me
looked me in the eyes and helped me without
looking down i see your face, from the trace
looking for your love i found the place
looking into the sky
loonie tunes start playing agian
lost my pain, perfect route,
lost way out in the middle of space, pressed
love even after
love the sounds, i hear today, the little flowers, my mind begins to display
love within scope
lovely lady no longer by my side
made up on a dream, cleared and shown in its grace
make them feel pain, and shove it right back
make them go bad
makes us weaker.
making me remember the place
making myself remember my lies,
master master,
master master,  harshed dead eyes,
master master, in disguise,
master master, what are there lies,
masters of the universe i watched as a kid
mathmatical expressi0nr0rsz (note: <-heh look past,
me
mind over. now you have the choice to get high or not,
mind.
mom wont listen, shes never even home,
monkey banana crap. i dont wanna be a monkey anymore then
moon at night
most of all .  make love. not make war
moving around, corner up above, on the left hand side,
my ass.
my head,
my old life, i have lived, recreated and sewn
my place long forgotten has become remembered
n?
negative energy in a situation, plus the negative energy of you trying to solve
negative energy, and negative situations hold the value
never ending sound, wonderfully pressed.
never was about being high, or the length of my hair or following
no longer having to move around,
no longer lagging in the dust
no longer sitting in your hurt
no more diseases you tried to make me see
no more lieing dont push them into a place
no more stare, looking right at the wall
no more walls, that i can see
no more, come on take it away, give it to me, break it on through me
nonsense That I am going to throw at you. I am going
not being stuck to the earth, free , spirtual rebirth
not in turn add more negative energy to the situation.
not of what i let of out inside of me.
not right,
not to be treated like a smelly old tart
not verbal abuse, or garbage from the  trunk
not what something else and others say
nothing but
nothing but memmorys
nothing but more problems , but negative energy.
nothing can stop ones path, and negative energy, will just put
nothing is slow, or changed around
now drugs are usually keep on the DL around here,
now drugs, are in are food, there in are drinks, i mean
now im awake, forever i said.
now no one can understand what goes on in anothers head exactly,
now remember  that previous line?
now there is a difference between positive energy and so called
now what happens, when you get high?
now when in a negative situation, you bring upon the person
now when you go to solve a negative situation,
now, when im fucked up, im fucked up. 
of nothing  0.
of the truth, i replay:
of who I am seen past, and the purpose of
of you. i want home, and i found you.
ok what happens, one does work, and is paid in a paper,
on are own. there is only what there is, and if what there is is
on the botoom it seems
once you learn to project forgiveness out of you.
open my mind, and move into a euphoric dream.
open up and step out of line, defrost no longer sublime.
opened little memory, showing a different side of me
opening the box, into its the depth,
opening the box, were i said its a cage
or a plant, sheet, or a rock
or escaping. these types of humans only exist in the planes, of the 'physical dimension',
or move up to step 4 and be with the sharks
or should i say god on mind control
or was i even comin to town,
or when, but in the end
or.
originally imagined... you think you know were there coming from
pain is leaving, anguish subsides
peeking and letting me be free,
people of the us had on whether or not they should move the
people on the edge, come further, and eventually break,
people try to keep there mouths shut, but everyone knows
perfect dreams, of reality are not so far
perfect in your ashes, you set the world afire
perfect picture, working you see
perfect vision eyes in tune,
perfected and sewn and shown
perfection, found 1 in mind
person being punished down, and the person punishing (up), which is really only a illusion,
picture clear
picutres open, pounds include
place to sit, dont put food in there drugs
places and locations, sizes  and shape
plain and simple excuses for you, not me.
plastic face you wear dissolves into
play with the masters, and watch the cold moon
point right to
positive energy is fed in.
positive energy,
positive, rather then this big confusing negative load of
power and love
pressed your buttons, got the apes all
pretending it feels good, smile for there eyes
prettiest picture, being sewn,
pretty much lieing, giving bullshit
prettyest green, comin down, turns the thoughts back arround
profound ryhme
psychedelic's. now we all have the choice,
pulled out the pictures i hold longer away
purity within me, everything alright
pushing energy all around                                          
qualitys of my physical , with spirtual self, I can
ready to witness, of nothing
realize, we are going to evolve, and get away from your
really even live my life anyway, and living my life the right way for
reason for it hurray
releasing myself i begin to cry
remember 
remember I saw it, didnt know what it was
remember that its not the dope that gets you high
remember, I see
remember, the delusion, its stuck in my head
remember, the sight I saw before you
remembered
remembering and holding onto your one secert desire.
remembering the perfection, courage , my heart, and the sound
rememberr, the 1 is always here
remove yourself from the situation, create positive energy
repeating my words, watching the scare,
repent of my nothing , only beauty inside
revolution, in there minds.
rewire my brain and make me go Pee
rewrite the memmorys, make them how they are
rocks in there road.
scream to your children, and karma comes back
screaming mama, dont let him inside
see past the dream and then  I came to;
self made lies replayed over and over agian.
set the addicts free, show them to the way
shadow men, who hide in the light
shes gone forever, and i want to cry
shes running real far, and fallin straight down,
shes the one, i think of at night, her eyes so far yet shine bright
shit, they are everything. hehe i am what i eat!
showing through the skin,
shown to me, not once but agian, her eyes start sinking in.
simply creating and disolving the wall
simply creating and disolving the wall
simply eternity, within me without a spot
since i saw that im full of love, and it wont let me drown in fear
since we. (the people), do make are own decisions, regardless of what the
since when could i really feel?
since when did i ever get out of this hurting little spot?
since when did steal away my life??
since you took over the world.
singled shout
sitting in heaven, all the faces looking down
sitting in my room im all alone,
sling your lingo, remember how its read.
smash me open pick it out
smile, face, beautiful laughs,
smiley face, i begin to shout
so Inifinte in wisdom, power and Love
so called addictions you placed in my head
so called addictions, feed into your head
so god said, why dont we just moan
so i look, as it moves around agian,
so ill just keep on moving and staying upside
so ill say, lets move on back to the way,
so let me inside ;)
so many words, that i could say,
so much to show, so much to do,
so obviously, blocks have to be set up , to   create people to live
so sit down and have a good laugh
so there is no need for law, for we all understand what is life,
so walking out on my earth, looking back seeing all my lives, and my
so wander and feel the pain ponder
so what now im free, and im living at home,
so you came, yeah i saw it to, the images, clear crystal blue
so you lie to me,
so, whats the answer now, should i have remembered
soaring high above, exisiting in all positions
some more of that yeah LSD. The whole mindset is
some more, watching all these answers
something changes, and i drop agian,
something else and change there bullshit.)
something else that hides it, so they can continue doing what they want to 
somewere it can be that night,
sorting, through the mess, the box came to you.
sound of power heard in my ears
spelling out my destiny turning agian
spinning backwards
spins in circles. The threads of me reality
stained nothing, washed up in a rush
stare deep and youll see in between.
stared directly at the sun and cried to go home
staring eyes closed no others above, long for something i dream of.
staring eyes closed, watching from outside
starting to be known
state, usually stays in the same area, unless im on
steal are shit, and follow it
steal from the plates that rain from the sky
stepping on top of me, pushing me into the ground,
stupid, little life, nothing left, not even, its
such  a sweet little pun, all I wanted
suddenly everything clicks, and my past is shown
sweetest memories open wide
swirl of attention, around my sphere
symptom reverse, harmless wow
takes me, home right back to the spot.
takes you back to were you exisit anyway.
takes you to a place you cannot see
teaching people, that because of personal gratification, running over others and themself is ok; this in turn causes people to become confused, and tangled in a addiction of hurt, and false happiness. (false happiness: happiness, which in fact feels real, but is of a invalid, contradictory source, which is really not happiness, but twisted  self-lies (which have been created in the mind, in order to remove the tedious function of having to fall through a phase of 'guilt', so that the person inflicted, can move around with his addiction, without even knowing he is hurting himself. It is his addictions way of tricking his mind into following this cycle until he dies, and can inflict as many others with this wound as possible, without even knowing they are doing it, in order so they can continue to live on , in the only way they know, that of which that hurts) and when people, try to 'help' others, who are in fact inflicted with the same-thing as them, but just act - out in other ways, by telling them, that what they do is 'bad', and treating them as non-equal's, and as less, causes them to, in fact think of themselves as bad, but not on the conscious level, but on the lower, and causes them to reach a degree of unstability, until were they crack. They are no longer themselves, they are what, they were molded into, people who hurt more. when someone is hurt, they are weak, something that is weak, is easily manipulated into doing what they are unconsciously told they are. and begin to truly believe a fact of which is false, and try to come to terms with and cope with lies, which causes intense confusion, and loss of trust. WE all think and act the same, it  is just some of us, are tangled in a forever loop:
tell them as you feel sad
telling her i love her, she pushes me away,
tempting, feel good, but are 'bad', they hurt the
terrible beat, tripping down the sound.
that are based on you, but you can never in fact really feel there pain.
that can LSD make LSD, sounds with LSD. And
that can happen, has happened and will continue to
that everyones on it, i say about 4/10 people i see
that is already there, accessible, and continuously built from this energy or this function, until it builds to a point, were I can, use it to construct different levels of thought, and create other  patterns of behavior, that dictate of what I  was sickened of the future:
that no one can steal from us. something with belongs to us,
that part of me , forever, and its memory, will forever keep me
that pattern will get caught , and your wish will come true.
that place with you know who.
that will let you understand in good time.
thats all it is, yes its true setup the right patterns
the Upside down, L, you spelled in hell
the answers coming through, the truth in repeal
the answers of tommorow scattered by her cast.
the answers will come, dont answer the phone
the awsome high you seek is not found in a book
the beautiful highest mountin peek
the circle appears, turns erase the past
the circle stops spinning, 
the clouds swirl, as i daze agian
the conneced happines, opens me wide
the crow dances above my head,
the current image, beyond my scope, everything and anything is my hope.
the day i die, never cared, and ill never ask why.
the delesuion, on the outside
the depth in sight, so beautiful this life
the door appears
the easy last for a short while, and can be kicked, but later on
the easy, lead up to the hard, and the hard get you in the end.
the elcipse moved around, sunshine now coming down
the explosion of esctacy on my mind
the feelings of desire, playing with me
the future plays back in my mind,
the hidden truth, is that we are just really fat
the high you seek is within, its only waiting to be unlocked.
the highest mountian peek makes you feel little
the lies they place, fuckin big book in your face
the life i have lived, and will live for you
the lifes of the ones who exisit today
the light shines straight up into the sky
the little image, i remember in dreams 
the love i feel, will never go away
the love swirls all through
the lower class,  only  mildly developed type of man, who  normally doesnt exist in high planes,
the master has erased all my fears.
the master on lsd images are seen
the memmorys begin to return, and i wash them clean
the memorys will return to thee
the negative situation, can in fact be turned around, if enough
the one i dream of
the ones are not “gay”
the only place we are free now is in our minds
the only thing is here, and you are the one
the pain, in my head
the peace i seek
the peak so strong, i cannot hold myself down, you move me around,
the poweful vision, now seen between your eyes
the power of god is my mind.
the powerful love moves around within
the precious things inside,
the problem,
the purpose ,is  to recite,
the reason your so lost, is because your cold inside
the saga displays backwards in my mind,
the same. Simply invoking specific patterns,
the shake, as it moves up my spine
the sights, sounds, and places i have been
the spin of sence, the smell of it,
the spinning sway of life
the stating that is supposed to be this way
the things are without, but then i reroute,
the things i just wish could be
the thoughts run free
the tones going off in the mind
the true intentions, are displayed intertwined
the true me, no longer in decay
the truth and love are the guide.
the truth can be within sight,
the truth is here, and we have always known
the truth is you cannot spell,
the truth of mastery, i hold within
the twisting care for it.
the twisting, stilled down
the warmth is in decline, for you just lost your fuckin mind.
the whole time, made up a reason
the wonderful place, i do seek
the yellow side begins to show, walking
then maybe it will go away
then to pattern of 5,
then trying to cheat with  wires, we could create something
there are certain anti-dotes to this , chemicals, and some the humans, call them
there in you, beware or youll be dead.
there is only what we make, and any crap thats bothering you
there just trying to justify there behavior and standpoints
there you are:  your look so in tune.
theres no answer to your questions, for theres no problem
these are my words, this is my life,
they have are air tapped and spell out lies
they really are just setting themselves up, to be able to have a excuse
they watch and listen, and say DISGUISE
things, that have to do with physical features, my mental
this again?
this fucking shit, is getting on my nerves
this is just my tomorrow.
this is my chance, i shall take
this is who i am, and its alright
this monkey has alot to do.
those stupid words. Damn nonsnse of a way
thoughtless insanity, insides shout
throw a tantrum, and its all in the name
throwing me around.
to bore you to death with what you call 'bullshit'. 
to cause the effect of today
to enslave the human race.
to find me
to fit my own personal style of text, that best expresses, what
to go FUCK YOURSELF, because of some information, you read
to produce, whether or not you knew it,
to solve. you see
to the love of this world.
to think. Try to block my head into this
today will never be the day,
together in a way, strung out in order
tomorrow, returning away
touched by nothing, yet the tear wiped from my eye
towards the sky,
tricks because life always comes out on top, my mind,
tried to make me follow your books
true freedom is now within are minds
truly astonishing
truly astonishing the one i Dream of.
trying to do these days. 
trying to find the way back home. 
trying to hide it away in my head,
trying to look past what others think and say'
turn it off, a thousand drones, a smiling a happy little home
turned back the shadow from all those years.
turning around look down, and let out.
turning me into the light
twisted vision
two
u, make you hurt, make you start thinking of all the negative stuff going on inside of you, because of the fact of what you are deprived of. your natural existence. telling people that things are bad that are natural , causes SEVERE confusin in the mind, and people to start tripping the hell out. it makes people act out in all sorts of negative ways that keep us busy while they gather are services, and are lives decay. You know that money is merely paper that means jack shit, but they just pretend it does , so that we think it does, and start tripping the hell out over some stupid paper, and already do the real values of what we are to be paid (the work), which once is done, cannot be taken back, in return for something, which has in turn really no value at all, just a piece of paper with some pretty stamps on it. why the hell are we killing each other for no reasons. why the hell are we manipulating everyone, why the hell don’t you people start acting like what you are fucking animals, and stop acting like what your not , which is the almighty 'human beings'. By Killing Our Fellow Animals, We Are Killing Our Selves, We Need Them, just as much as they need us, they are not something of which we can stake a claim, or act as if they our a product. why don’t we get back on track, and get into touch with who we are before its to late and we destroy are selves, why cant i just get back home, it feels like my world has been invaded. I Have as much right as any of you to exist. And You have no right to dictate how we all exist, they will not agree, but they have no right to argue (for it is not meant), 'this is that, or i was here first, or i have this gun, or i have this paper' , its all a bunch of lies, a bunch of tricks and magic, to get me to fall into your trap, silly little games, that were  messed from the start, it is snow balling into something disastrous, we are a infected. If you really think about were Only hurting each other, because we want to. ANY AND ALL Mental Walls, are Breakable, and Penetrable, its just do you really want to. We Are Energy, You Can Feel Your Energy, in yourself, (if you make your body listen, and focus on it, and cause it to build until a point, were you can no longer take the intense feeling.)  this is  only chance, because the way we are going, we are slowly killing are selves, and everyone around us. why the hell do we think it is ok to kill other beings, tree's animals, manipulate them, why do we try to play the event, which brought us to this existence, instead of living in this existence, in harmony of who we are, and what we are, rather then what we have done, and destroyed. to get are selves back to were are supposed to be , get are selves, back to were im not psychotic, ORDERING THE THOUGHT, BRINGS UPON PAIN AND SUFFERING, BECAUSE ONE NOW CAN CONTINUOUSLY FOCUS ON A NEGATIVE THOUGHT, BECAUSE OF REPEATING PRACTICE, AND INSTRUCTION FROM OTHERS, IF THIS WAS NOT SO, THERE MIND WOULD BE MORE WANDERING, FREE. i want you to understand im trying to type this in a fast as possible manner, because i am very lazy, and don’t like having to order my thought, when it is totally unnecessary and brings me nothing but a annoyance, which is a unnatural feeling, because we are NOT supposed to do that, and stop yelling at me saying im supposed to because, that’s trying to convince me of your point, and in turn BRAIN WASH ME, into believing nothing but a bunch of bullshit. i believe in what i believe in, and what i believe is me, and if you do not like, me or feeling mad, or feel like im crazy, and i don’t know what im talking about think to your self, why am i thinking, that why am i repeating, the same thing over and over in my head, if its not even my belief, if its something i was TOLD, not something i came to believe, things we come to believe are, are truths, because we know it is true inside, we are being manipulated into this fake thought, by we what are told is to be true, which in turn , is not, just a lie, made up to make someone confused, so that they can manipulate them, and live in there so called luxury, which is really destruction. , selfish beings of higher levels of thought have come here. and taught people to believe in there so called gods, or religions, when the gods, were really them, and we just going to use us to there advantage. they in turn gave the monkeys knowledge, of a deceitful source, false feelings of peace, and false hope, so we would be more compliant in are tasks.. they monkeys in turn, abused that knowledge and used it for there own primitive emotions, and to benefit them selves, in the best possible way they could, everything they we live for is a lie. everything we are is them. and everything we need to be , is not lost. chemicals, which open the mind, are removed from the environment, it also causes are ability to focus, on subjects, and communicate with each other , to dissolve, and become varied, and hard, they teach us to communicate with sounds, or external noises, which make it hard, to get, real feelings across, rather they receive thoughts of what they were taught from young, not of what they believe. everything which is true, you are and only know, and is here with you from birth, because you have been are from the start, you are life, and we are one. other illegal drugs drugs taken out of are environment, which give us feelings of joy and happiness, but also cause damage, to the body (duH! so does everything else). point. there is no sadness, only the removal of happiness, which is due to what we lack, which gives us the feeling of feeling ok, and not worrying about are wants, and just worry about are lives, and who we are, like we were intended to. what we do now, is suffer because we do not have what is rightfully ours. that is are natural lives. we all long for something, we all long to be free, we all long to go home, to were we came from., are heaven, are planet , are earth. Levels of Thought , Peoples Handles, and How to Communicate .<. ------------- Are Reality, is Of Are Thought, and So Are We, we are interconnected within each other in layers. The external reality, is for getting around, and finding values of which you can intake, and use in more positive and constructive, and effective ways, then of the more deceitful type of communication, which is that of word of mouth. Everyone and everything has a value, just like everything in this computer, people can then be found by associating your thought with there value. There value is found by the look they have in there eyes, not the actual eyes, but this feeling you feel inside of you, and you know it to be them, this is easier to find with people you love, but if you try hard enough, everyone is penetrable. just stare them in the eyes, many users of hallucinogenic drugs know exactly what i am talking about. because a drug like LSD 'resets' the mind basically , crushes through mental blocks like a hot knife through butter, the walls come crashing, and so does your sanity. there are safer alternatives to coming into touch with your spiritual side, such as meditation. meditation is something that everyone, should be taught from the day they could sit still. meditation is something powerful. my definition of mediating is taking your consciousness down to a lower level of operating , so you can stop, and realize, sense what is really there, and erase un-normal, implanted parts of you , which you did not ask for but were given when young., once you master entering this state, and learn the fundamentals of controlling it you can then alter your realities, and communicate with each other, in the fashion we are supposed, with are feelings, not are words, there is no reason to explain, when all you have to do is close your eyes, and everything you need to know is already there., anything else would just be 'civilized' which is nothing but destruction. You are always aware and open to others , its just that your not listening. they are sending you the signals, without them even knowing it. it is carried out in the subconscious thought, and is not brought to the top, and there fore cannot be changed, but can be heard. To send out this same type of message, that we should already naturally know how to do, (if none of the standard methods, of communication were taught to us , i believe that we would all adapt back to how we used to communicate, just like how other life forms do. expressions, and thoughts, without the need for a sound. Sending the Message: Messages, to others cannot be of words. They can only be of something, that the person who is 'receiving' knows of, because it is something that is really real, not something that is distorted in your head, and is your perception of real. now someone who doesn’t understand your current perception is in turn confused, and loses the data of which you were trying to send. What only can be sent is feelings, or shared memories. something of which you both understand, and conceive in the same manner (all basic instincts, and thoughts, are in are blueprints, and we all share of them, so there fore they can all be submitted back and forth to each other., because we carry the parts needed , for the item to be executed. its only, are you looking. some of the feelings you get inside of are a external origin.  we get them confused with are true feelings, and in turn stop feeling what is really there, and start feeling what is implanted there. the implantation is a infection of not the physical sort, but of the mental. which is given off by others, without there knowledge in there subconscious thought., because they are suffering. just about everyone in this world is totally out of there minds. i cannot believe how strong the mental walls, and blocks, are in all of you. i cannot believe how we do this to are selves, how can you all , really be so selfish? when there is no individual you? you aren’t hurting just yourself, your hurting every single one of us, every single time. no excuses , and no shit. How can we only think of are selves, and think of are selves as better then are own brothers, are fellow life forms, and in turn are going to ruin it for us all. Your Addictions, to Greed, and External False Happiness, with not just the cost of your own life, but the destruction of just about everything else. What we are doing right now is destroying are world. We all talk of the end, because we are starting it. It is to late, and does not matter. Soon life as we know it will end because it is unnatural, and all that is unnatural, is erased and started over. I Understand Now how do i make It Stop take a step back, stop focusing on you so called reality and start focusing on what your feeling, not what your introducing into your feeling. this can only be done, by clearing the mind, the removal the repeated never ending constant thought down to a almost quite, repeating peaceful tune. the body is let go, and your true self, and reality is then revealed to you. There is More to Your Reality, Then What you See, hear, and feel. its all around you and your all around it To Stop the Lies . When you are tripping the fuck out, and are going back into the confused state of emptiness, chase down the feelings reason, chase down its cause for the emotion, read over the situation, and focus on the feeling, and change it into joy, understand you are not bad, understand you are beautiful for who you are, and absolutely nothing else matters, because everything else is just a large orchestration in your head. 
uh huh, uhuh YEAH
underneath these large minded, over developed human beings,
unfocus your eyes, and see my platoon
unknown versus, that got lost all in my head,
us , it drives us, the power of are love.
used to be broken, no longer a rush
used, and tricked, and it helps filter the people. i mean they dont
waiting for the answer, hoping for the best,
waking up in some far out realm,
waking up there is a way out
walk past the door not even looking, no longer sore
walking all alone, yet shes here today, the fear beigins to turn away, 
walking away free, i really found me,
walking down the road , i make a left,
walking free, i found my home i guess,
walls all around your eyes, cant see into space
wanna fuck that whore
want everyone to do the same thing. everyone has the same potential
wanted nothing, everything had something to say
was to be accepted and have a little fun
washing back time, wiping away my tears
watch me, and say “HE MUST DIE”
watchin as i begin to care, opened up and longin to go were
way to soon
we can get shit in bottles way harder then marijuana,
we change and evolve into the sky
we the people..
we will all have nothing.  we have plenty to all survive, it is
well so what , marijuana , my beautiful little bud, ill smoke you till
well, I spellet it wrong didnt i?
well, there simply what your creating, if you want it to stop,
were i live are fucked up these days especially marijuana
were it can be alright,
what has scared us:
what the meaning only open insides,
what you need to do is
when i hear the word, i know it to be true,
when they try to push the buttons, dont get mad,
when we gather we get high for free
when we remove all of the source, that everything else dies,
which can be traded for other things.
while (you) decay.
while we are 1 together in our minds
while(1) change();
while(1) change();
whispers of the words, not yet said
who dont follow the rules. you dont do what they say, they 
who knows, forgot it yesterday.
whoever you are mr. big C
whoever you are, i dont care,
why I am, and what I do, came through.
why cant we just be here for today?
why did you borrow, living the lie,
why does the history books, always leave important things out
why would you do that? why the control issue here, there really is no control,
wide open, he walked right out
will all the people, what your doing is setting yourself up in a box,
will it ever get out
witch helps us stay alive, which helps us live on, its within all of 
with a triangle double sided diamond in there eyes
within the lower levels of society. you see the rich create the poor,
without all the suffering, they cant live in there 'luxury'. drugs drugs
wonderful women, showing through
wondrous beat, mystical words said,
wondrous sound filling my ears,
words going up and down, but not leaving
wrapped in warmth, wide awake
yeah , my body screams out
yeah as i walk of the haze,  i feel ok,
yeah bullshit.
yeah i am here today, ripped off my mask right away
yeah just a thought within my mind
yeah just not were,
yeah just picking and choosing no longer gonna fall
yeah just the power, i feel today,
yeah picking and choosing no longer going to fall
yeah the correct thoughts,  stamp them into my mind
yeah the hole lost in your heart, the long for her
yeah the sound , and the colors you just see
yeah the words, i mean
yes you can get vague, images and descriptions, and find close assumptions,
yet   Wide Awake im Strapped In Alone
you are the light in my eyes.
you are the love i feel 
you are the reason, and its in your eyes
you can never really understand why they do what they do only they do
you can only cause them to hide in a corner, until
you cannot scare someone into following your point..
you did invoke the actions you wanted
you have strung together nonsense. Yes
you just had to show me how
you saying 'you cant do it', then thats whats going to happen,
you see
you take me so high,
you will be gone inside.
you wonder why no one ever stops?
your existance
your eyes over here. Your
your found out, and are put into a higher level brain washing
your gone, and i still look through,
your lies that your feed.
your mind swings in circles, bound within a place
your nasty little 'money', your 'currency'. i mean come on...
your out in the corners.
your rule, its either become yours, or die. and i am making the conscious
your the one i love so much,
your the one who wipped away my tears
your the one, who was here,
“HAHA, I FEEL LAUGHTER”
“Infinite in wisdom power and love,
